there all added the camp of a
match expected to be fought
we dreamed was going to have then the
to the desire to be in the first
moment so they played a juan
Aurich who was looking to get out of the middle
table ratify the level that the
equipment investment and
transcendence that has this Juan Aurich
and university sport that quality of
visit and has achieved excellent
results that came from a doubt that
he came to draw precisely at home and
that now ratifying that great moment
as a visitor, he found
the formula as in this case for
by a tomasevish put one to zero
up and force a juan aurich that
until that moment it did not appear in juan
carlos well I want to summarize in a
word what I have been talking about
university student a little while back
a time ago that efficiency when in
this meeting seemed like things
they finished
tied like that is it has a play
very good individual of the team
university a passivity a
tremendous tremendous passivity of the
audis defense that is really of
bad and effectiveness is charged effectiveness
is there and that is what is happening
with university student who maybe if not
I would have lost so many points in
local condition at this time the
daily sun adaptive would be like this the
trigger
now there is a question with those of the
effectively count them to define the
matches like now that the taken out to
one college sports but has
that also have efficiency behind me
I think today Galiquio gave him the
solvency gave him the solidity he gave the
tranquility and was accompanied very
well accompanied I would say yo for by yulia
so he did a very good job a
very good work
after that I think the changes
they gave him a result that I imagine
I was waiting for the technician with my or in a
moment we said that the tie was
signed until a play occurs
of against in which university
find the answer is through the
association here he but bailón
guastavino and the quality to define
how I had to define in those
conditions not waiting for movement
of the goalkeeper and placing the one below
of which we have seen some parties
we have not seen some games of
university or defining in this way
what do you think of enabling new
commission or wedding because many many
variants many variants and look mira
if it comes with a rudder with a key triumph
when one puts on the commission of the umh
here there is no continuity what is important
is that everyone comes out with the same
mentality of looking for matches good
it's a really comforting trick for
university of a consideration that
this weekend will face his
classic rival alliance lima now all the
result does not change men the system
it's still the same and the way how
tactically execute what the
university technical command sport a
through permission is equal this
man that this one and they arrive in optimal
conditions face the classic rival
this weekend let's review the
Match statistics has won
university for two seconds to Juan
chiclayo aurich in the city of elms